typo corrections (#1539)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/tutorials/work-with-pallets/use-macros-in-a-custom-pallet.md

> Errors indicate when a call has failed, and why it has failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors indicate that a call has failed, and why it has failed.
```

For this tutorial, you define the following error conditions:

> - An attempt to make a claim that already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An attempt to make a claim when a claim already exists.
```

> - An attempt to revoke a claim that does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An attempt to revoke a claim that doesn't exist.
```

These functions use the `StorageMap` to implement the following logic:

- If a claim is already in storage, then it already has an owner and cannot be claimed again.

> - If a claim does exist not in storage, then it is available to be claimed and written to storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a claim doesn't exist in storage, then it is available to be claimed and written to storage.
```
